Lots of wasps?
Did not know the legislature
was so fond of honey.
Arvid! Arvid!
Don't go in there!
It may be best that I sacrifice myself.
The sight can traumatize you for life!
Or it's not something traumatic.
I've never been there before.
What the hell
is that what happened here?
The legislator?
Legislators!
Don't know his name. Called him
only the legislature. Why are you here?
He was like a guy who was a lot in
the village where I grew up, for me.
It's important to be here now.
-Lovgiver?
-Niding ...
-Nid ...
-Viking, yes. We know what we are.
-Niii ...
-Viiiking, yes.
- Something has hung up here.
-He says nid.
-No.
- It was Orm ...
Yes. I just did it, me.
So you let go of the burden with one
mercy killing. Took one for the team.
It's going to haunt me,
but I have relieved him of the pain.
The sky has been given a new star.
Wait, wait, wait, it looks like
he clenched something in his hands.
- Wondering what was so important ...
- I'll take them.
Has he written anything? Any last words?
The legislator's words were law after all.
"Today will be an exciting day."
"I need to release a wasp swarm" -
- "to test if I
is still allergic. "
Jeez, a weird choice
one that was so allergic.
People are different.
Some people like to challenge themselves.
"If anything happens to me, I command
that the new legislature in Norheim "-
- "should be a man of
superior intellectual capacity. "
- "Rufus of Rome."
-What?
Jeez ...
"I realize I've committed
great injustice to Orm. "
Right?
"My last command is that Orm
will no longer be slavery. "
- Lord Tor, it's all up.
-No mockery of his.
Those are his last words.
His words are law.
-Yes, unfortunately.
-Is there something more there too?
"Orm must be actively included
in all social contexts. "
Yes, Arvid, Frøya, Ragnar. Then it looks
as if the tables have turned again.
- The tables have turned?
-Yes. Or not quite.
That the tables are a little twisted.
Either way, I'm a free man.
And that means, well, Frøya,
that we are married again.
-Forget it.
-Rufus, you're the new legislator.
-Your word is now allowed.
-Thanks.
I'm going to read up so I can give
a decision based on legal sources.
- Now you arrived in time for dinner.
-We'll just get our stuff.
And to say that we are superhuman,
and you are still sub-humans.
I have become a free man,
and Rufu's new legislature.
- It was violent then. Congratulations.
Fold your hand! Your nasty hand.
- Is it called "fold your hand"?
-Yes. And camaraderie is out of date.
I am as of today
the most powerful man in the village.
I will soon become chief, and then
Rufus sails our ship to Rome ...
You do not tell Odin and every man
about secret plans.
I was just a little torn up.
Orm will not be the chief.
We have an excellent chief in Arvid.
We have no plans to overthrow him.
And we express with this
full confidence in Arvid.
-That's okay.
-Yes. Okay.
But don't think I forgot
how you froze me out.
Winter is coming for you three.
Or "winter is coming" ...?
No, winter is coming.
Winter is coming.
Then the time has come to formally
introduce our new legislature.
-Yes, questions?
-Is it just me who thinks it's weird?
That the legislature writes down its
latest wishes and dies right afterwards?
It's like taken right out
of a crime pin.
It had become a commonplace
and a dull crime pin.
It is quite common. Ordinary.
That's not it, Orm.
I think it's very suspicious.
That was Odin's plan.
And my girl, it would have been better
style of you to enjoy this, -
- instead of being suspended
in the past. It doesn't suit you.
Little friend, you could be attractive
without that suspension in the near past.
And in spinning things up,
put question rounds.
Now you just throw it away.
It's sad. Sad to see.
-Oh well.
- No wonder you're single.
Nobody has the strength to be
along with a sniff cock.
My dear ...
Yes.
Some would have to say that.
Legislators Hatten
is a big hat to fill, -
- so I hope you
will carry it with dignity.
Hereby I declare Rufus
as Norheim's new legislator.
Thanks. The first
I do as a legislator -
- is to make it optional for
the legislature to wear the hat.
Especially a hat that is so
full of lice and lizards like it.
The old legislature must get
a funeral worthy of its rank.
It is important that everyone sends the most
precious they have, with him to Valhall.
Here we have to give so it stings.
In Vestfold they have begun
to bury big men in ships.
They are digging down the entire ship
with lots of nice stuff up there.
The ship is
the most valuable we have.
But you also become very
the wing clip as a Viking without a ship.
Yes, it will be fucking fun for everyone,
but we should give it so it stays.
- Maybe we should do it?
- The ship is not to be buried.
It is reserved for elite burials.
Chieftains and artists.
Rufus.
Good decision with that ship.
It was stressful to build a new one.
Yes, it was a right one
and wise decision.
Now I hope the legislature
was right about you.
We've had our disagreements,
but we get the best out of it.
Clearly. We have to
just make the best of it.
Good. I have a good feeling about you.
You and I can become a good team.
The thing with me ... The body is mine
rune stick, the tattoos are my story.
Cool.
As I said: A man with a tattoo
has an interesting history.
Everyone has some kind of tattoo now.
Does everyone have an interesting story then?
Yes, the thing with me is that I am
a canvas of my experiences, -
- My story is etched
with lines, shadows -
- you can see them on your arms, shoulders,
your back, stomach, legs ...
What exactly is the story
behind the lines there?
They remember the women people I've had.
But many people are sick.
- Begins to be a part.
But that must be just about everyone
the ladies who are within ten miles of circumference.
-You've been up for it.
-It's not just physical penetration.
Two of them are physical, the rest are
fantasy penetrations. Held on self.
One line for each time
you have pulled yourself into a hand trolley?
No, just the runes I want to remember.
Then I can mimic and such.
Small pages in the Ragnar saga.
-Okay. Cool.
- I know.
Really good. Tattoos show
that you are an interesting person.
Yes, the other guys seemed
I had to have some more ink.
Me and Frøya on the battlefield.
Do you have a picture of Frøya on your back
when you are still married to Liv?
Yes. It's Frøya and me
forever anyway.
- You think so?
-Yes. Some things you just know.
- Was it something special?
-Yes, Rufus and Orm came by.
- And they were so very excited.
- Yes, Rufus has become a legislator.
But Orm talked about
that he should become chief and stuff.
I think they want something. Not before
to stress you out, but I'm worried.
But nine out of ten concerns
is unfounded.
Do not dig in
concerns. There's something to it.
But thank you for telling me.
All I have to say is:
You are the best
the subhuman I have owned.
- I mean, ass.
- It was violent then. Thank you.
-We'll see you at the funeral, then.
-Talk.
Oh, go to Loke ...
-Dog? What are you doing here?
- I come to pay my respects.
-Pay my respect? Do you say that?
-I think so.
Jarl Varg sends his condolences ...
Kondolasjoner?
-Kondolanser.
- Sorry it got a little stiff.
Funerals are so difficult.
What is right to say?
Can you smile when you meet
old famous and like that?
There is no facet to that. The
the most important thing is that you ask. So thank you.
It is mostly coins, but some pebbles
at the bottom, so it feels heavy.
It looks like the first one
the domino has fallen.
Domino chip?
Don't overlook
that the Arvid chip is the next one.
Arvid chip?
What is domino for something?
Domino is a game like Varg
brought from a merchant -
- from somewhere down the road.
Putting the pieces in succession,
you can trigger a chain reaction.
Then the pieces fall one by one.
Would say so.
Something I should know
what a chain reaction is?
I know what I am
have been told to say.
Now it's up to you
to interpret it as you please.
I just don't know what to interpret.
I'm just passing on a message.
Varg said I should say.
But do you understand the essence?
Is it a threat, or what is it?
Yes, that's probably a threat.
I'm pretty sure.
The ridge is,
is there any collection afterwards?
Any food or snacks?
It will be a memory afterwards.
For close relatives and friends.
I was going to go anyway.
It paints and smirks.
Yes, talk.
Oh, great Odin,
welcome the legislature in Valhall.
Grave.
Just a quick input?
We should send
anyone on the trip too?
-What do you mean?
- He must have slaves on the journey.
A very good suggestion.
I think all three, me.
Then there is no one left to dig
heap. Kark almost has to dig.
You two, then.
No buzz!
It is an honor
to be buried with superhuman beings.
Yes, yes ...
-Is it possible to eat some of the fruit?
- Of course not.
It is human food as the legislature
should bring with them to Valhall.
Kark! Grave.
Good luck in Helheim. Doubt that
Valhall has a place for freezers.
Now we believe in neither Valhall nor
Helheim, so this is going to be a bomb trip.
I am Christian.
I believe in Jesus of Nazareth.
This does not make sense.
You just have to bite it in you.
Lie! Deck!
It is a little contrary to the self-preservation drive to be buried.
That's how it is.
Enough about that matter.
But hell, then.
Kark - your hand.
Your hand!
Allow me.
Yes.
Well, well, well.
Kark.
The tree of exclusion
bears bitter fruits.
What?
I'm not a man
one is excluded from the company.
You missed one Friday meeting.
And then you do it here.
- It's my friends who are there.
-You'd rather drink with them.
I'm sorry about that.
However, there will be new times here,
and then it won't be easy to be Kark.
Being a Kark is not very easy
now either. After all, I am totally out of poverty.
I am 18 years old and I am
Looks like I'm well over 40.
Anyway, now it's going to be grave beer,
and you are not invited.
Or, we might
need you to serve, so then ...
Then we will see there.
There is so much excitement in the body.
A lot.
My latest discovery is one
walnut-sized gland at the end there -
- an extremely erogenous zone
which gives pleasure de luxe ...
Rufus. We talked about ...
Have you read the rules about ...
-Rettskildene.
- About marriage?
If one spouse is nurturing,
whether it still applies?
The stuff there, yes.
It feels like when the bitch
is released, so is the marriage.
So good, Frøya. Then I crawl
into your armpit tonight.
-No, you shouldn't.
-But then you have to cut yourself very short!
Preferably spigot!
Frøya ...
Frøya, that solves.
There must be a solution.
-I can't be married to Orm!
-I understand that.
-But that's how the rules are.
- We have to be able to do something.
I have faith that it will work out when
we get on the thing. It will be alright.
-Why do you think that?
-To good things happen to good people.
And we're good, then.
U.S. two.
- Who are we?
- We are.
Hey Hey.
Here it was crowded.
It stops here, Arvid.
You heard what I said. It stops here.
No more "protection money".
Yes, we must.
Otherwise, you are no longer protected.
What you see here, Arvid,
is a peasant army.
You are witnessing a grassroots riot.
The rebellion here is going to spread.
And when we are done, it will come
to be a new social structure.
The people must decide, not
a power elite that exploits the weak.
Time is ripe
for a new governance set.
We demand majority decisions
in elected bodies.
Yes, that sounds solid.
What do you say?
Fantastic.
I have been looking forward to this.
I think we should give Eigil that thing.
I think he deserves it now.
But where did I make it, then?
Just think a little ...
- You didn't pack it on the horse, did you?
-Yes, it's possible.
Here it is, you know.
Here it is.
Is it a fist?
Or ...
Is it a symbol of the power of the people?
Right in the solar plexus.
I can not breathe!
-Oh, au!
-Yes, yeah, yeah.
Do we agree
that the peasant revolt is over?
-Absolutely.
- They underestimate the war profession -
- if you only believe
decides to become a warrior.
Yes ...
Sorry we took a little,
but we need a little extra on things.
-Great. We talk.
-Yes, we're talking.
We talk, we, Arvid.
We talk before you know it.